bpo-31904: Skip setting RLIMIT_FSIZE and RLIMIT_CPU test case for VxWorks (#12719)
python/cpython: Doc/library/resource.rst

   ``setrlimit`` may also raise :exc:`error` if the underlying system call
   fails.

>    VxWorks only support setting RLIMIT_NOFILE and idtype must be P_PID.

Reviewer: "supports" with a S, no? (I'm not sure, English is not my first language!) Please use :data: to format properly the RLIMIT_NOFILE constant.

```suggestion
   VxWorks only supports setting :data:`RLIMIT_NOFILE` and idtype must be P_PID.
```

I don't understand "idtype must be P_PID": what does it mean? Is it something specific to VxWorks?

Author: Yes, it's VxWorks specific requires.

Author: I remove that statements for python user doesn't need to care about it.
